[Music]
exercise number one the cobra fly face
down on your mat with your feet together
and toes pointed place your hands
directly under your shoulders then
straighten your arms to lift your upper
body off the floor lean your head back
and keep your hips dug into the mat
we're gonna hold this position for 30
seconds
ready let's go the Cobra stretch targets
your shoulders back chest abs tips and
obliques it really stretches out your
spine and helps promote the growth of
cartilage between your vertebrae this
will improve your posture and thus
increase your height just a couple more
seconds
nice job exercise number two seated
torso twist sit down on the floor with
your back straight and your legs out in
front of you cross your right foot over
your left thigh and plant it on the
ground now as you twist your torso
towards your bent knee place your right
hand on the floor behind you and rest
your left elbow on your knee keep this
pose for the next thirty Seconds all
clear then let's begin this stretching
exercise targets your back abs and
obliques it engages all of your
abdominal muscles and even reduces the
risk of developing cardiovascular
disease
[Music]
we're almost done here and perfect now
let's move on to the next exercise
exercise number three the warrior stand
up straight and take a big step forward
with your right leg with your other leg
straight behind you rotate your left
foot 45 degrees towards the center of
the mat make sure your right leg is bent
at a 90 degree angle so that your knee
is exactly above your ankles from this
position reach your arms toward the
ceiling and hold this pose for 30
seconds alright enough talking let's do
it this exercise works your hips back
and adds it also strengthens your core
the deeper the lunging do the harder
your core works the warrior pose
improves your balance as well and that's
it take a deep breath and let's see what
the next exercise is all about exercise
number for the bridge lie on your back
with your knees bent and your arms at
your sides
slowly lift your hips toward the ceiling
while keeping your feet and shoulders
pressed firmly against the floor keep
lifting until your knees make a
90-degree angle think you can hold this
pose for 30 seconds
let's see
[Music]
this exercise is a great workout for
your glutes legs and abs it's especially
known for toning and shaping the
buttocks and no more back pain is a
great bonus of the stretch two three two
one and done exercise number five side
lunge from a standing position take a
big step to the right and dip your hips
towards the floor until your knee is
bent at a 90 degree angle make sure your
knee stays directly above your foot keep
your left leg straight and extend it out
to the left side of your body with your
foot flat on the floor now lean your
upper body forward and place both hands
on your bent knee let's hold this pose
for the next 30 seconds side lunges have
a positive effect on your hip flexors
quads and hamstrings the main target
though is your legs
this exercise will strengthen and tone
them alright just ten more seconds to go
[Music]
good job exercise number six inner thigh
stretch sit on the floor with your back
straight bring the soles of your feet
together and pull them towards your
groin using your forearms lightly press
your knees towards the floor and you'll
feel a gentle stretch you know the drill
thirty Seconds on the clock let's go
[Music]
stretching your inner and outer thighs
is key for good flexibility this pose in
particular targets the muscles of your
inner thighs and groin if you aren't
very flexible doing this stretch
regularly will change that significantly
just five more seconds
well done exercise number seven knee
squeeze lie on your back bring both
knees up to your chest and hold them
there with your arms you'll feel a
little stretch which of course is the
whole point of our exercises today so
let's squeeze our knees for 30 whole
seconds this exercise works your upper
middle and lower back muscles it's also
great at reducing and getting rid of
knee pain just do it gently and know
your limits
hold it a bit more and that's it moving
along now exercise number eight tricep
stretch stand tall with your feet
shoulder-width apart and stretch your
arms upwards then bend your right elbow
and hold it with your left hand gently
pull the elbow toward the back of your
head and hold this position for 30
seconds three two one go
tricep stretching targets your triceps
obviously as well as your back shoulders
and even your abs this exercise improves
flexibility and range of motion in your
shoulders keep holding it just ten more
seconds
and stop take a breather and then we'll
move on to our next fat burning exercise
exercise number nine sitting side bend
sit on the floor with your legs
crisscross
or sit in a chair if that's more
comfortable for you lift your left arm
straight up above your head and bent to
the right a gentle stretch in your left
side means that you're doing the
exercise correctly half a minute on the
clock starts now
[Music]
sitting side then gives a good workout
to your obliques back shoulders and abs
it also helps relax your mind and
relieve any stress or anxiety keep going
you're doing great and that's it hang in
there we only have three more exercises
to go exercise number 10 the bow lie on
your stomach and stretch your arms up
and back bend your knees and grab your
ankles with your hands just like with
all our previous exercises we're going
to hold this pose for 30 seconds are you
ready and go the bow pose targets your
abs back and hips while you're doing it
don't forget to keep the tops of your
shoulders away from your ears if you do
the exercise regularly it'll improve
your posture and tone your abs just ten
more seconds and there you go exercise
number eleven downward facing dog start
the exercise on your hands and knees as
you exhale straighten your arms and
knees press your heels towards the floor
and pull your head towards your feet how
many seconds are we gonna hold this
position you've got it thirty off you go
[Music]
this pose targets your legs hips back
shoulders and arms it improves digestion
too besides the physical stuff it also
has a great effect on your emotional
state helping you deal with depression
and stress don't forget about your
breathing and times up prep see you for
coming this far with us let's conclude
this workout with our final exercise
[Music]
exercise number 12 the triangle start by
standing on your mat and spreading your
feet really wide apart there should be
about a 4-foot distance between them
turn your left foot outwards 45 degrees
and your right foot 90 degrees hold your
arms parallel to the floor breathe in
and start stretching to the left as if
you're trying to reach something then
exhale and bend your body to the left so
that your left hand touches your ankle
or a yoga block if that's more
comfortable after that stretch your
right arm towards the sky keep looking
up and hold this position for the next
30 seconds times tickin this exercise
works your legs obliques hips shoulders
and chest it also gives your sides a
good deep stretch and like most yoga
poses it helps relax your brain and calm
your emotions
[Music]
that was the last exercise for today's
workout high-five for being awesome and
sticking through it don't forget to come
back to this video at least once a week
into these exercises with us they have
tons of health benefits that will allow
you to achieve your dream body within
weeks what's your secret to staying fit
tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to share this video with
your friends you can even do this simple
workout together remember to always stay
on the bright side of life and we'll see
you soon
[Music]